Update charm architecture docs (#121)
canonical/saml-integrator-operator: docs/explanation/charm-architecture.md

The SAML Integrator charm fetches SAML metadata details based on the provided configuration and propagates them through a Juju integration.

> The SAML Integrator can be deployed in Kubernetes and machine models and is a workloadless charm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SAML Integrator can be deployed in Kubernetes and machine models.
As a workloadless charm, the SAML Integrator doesn't have any OCI images.
```

The metadata can be provided directly, through the configuration option `metadata`, or it can be provided through the 
configuration option `metadata_url`. In the latter case, the SAML integrator charm will get the XML SAML metadata document from 
the provided URL. From the metadata information, the `entity_id`, `x509certs` and endpoints information will be extracted and passed
in the SAML integration.

The charm provides a library to facilitate the development of charms that use the SAML integration.

> 

Reviewer: Are there any OCI images for this charm? (I checked and didn't see any, but wanted to ask and make sure.)

I think it would be good to add a `## OCI images` section and explicitly say that there aren't any for this charm.

Reviewer: Ahhh yeah good point. I'll have a new suggestion then

## Juju events

According to the [Juju SDK](https://canonical-juju.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/user/reference/hook/): "an event is a data structure that encapsulates part of the execution context of a charm".

For this charm, the following events are observed:

> 1. [config-changed](https://canonical-juju.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/user/reference/hook/#config-changed): usually fired in response to a configuration change using the GUI or CLI. Action: validate the configuration and fetch the SAML details from the metadata. If there are relations, update the SAML details in the relation databag.
> 2. [saml-relation-created](https://canonical-juju.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/user/reference/hook/#endpoint-relation-created): Custom event for when a new SAML relations is created. Action: write the SAML details in the relation databag.
> 3. [update-status](https://canonical-juju.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/user/reference/hook/#update-status): Fired periodically by Juju. Action: write the SAML details in the relation databag if data has changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [config-changed](https://canonical-juju.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/user/reference/hook/#config-changed): usually fired in response to a configuration change using the GUI or CLI. **Action**: validate the configuration and fetch the SAML details from the metadata. If there are relations, update the SAML details in the relation databag.
2. [saml-relation-created](https://canonical-juju.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/user/reference/hook/#endpoint-relation-created): Custom event for when a new SAML relations is created. **Action**: write the SAML details in the relation databag.
3. [update-status](https://canonical-juju.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/user/reference/hook/#update-status): Fired periodically by Juju. **Action**: write the SAML details in the relation databag if data has changed.
```
Nitpick, but would be good to make the "Action" part of the list more distinct.
